gh-134261: ZipFile - Don't rely on local time for reproducible builds & tests (#134264)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-05-19-21-08-25.gh-issue-134261.ravGYm.rst

> zip: On reproducible builds, ZipFile longer pulls in local environment timezone when writing file datetimes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
zip: On reproducible builds, ZipFile uses UTC instead of the local time when writing file datetimes to avoid underflows.
```
